Docs: making docs clearer on subpath (#82239)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/tutorials/run-grafana-behind-a-proxy/index.md

- Restart Grafana for the new changes to take effect.

> ## Configure Reverse Proxy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure reverse proxy
```

          - url: http://192.168.30.10:3000
```

## Alternative for serving Grafana under a sub path

> **Warning:** You only need this, if you do not handle the sub path serving via your reverse proxy configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Warning:** You only need this if you don't handle the sub path serving via your reverse proxy configuration.
```

> If you don't want or can not use the reverse proxy to handle serving Grafana from a _sub path_, you can set the config variable `server_from_sub_path` to `true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't want or can't use the reverse proxy to handle serving Grafana from a _sub path_, you can set the config variable `server_from_sub_path` to `true`.
```

1. Include the sub path at the end of the `root_url`.

> 2. Set `serve_from_sub_path` to `true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Set `serve_from_sub_path` to `true`:
```
